An ambitious person like you
You can't stay in the quagmire of SM all the time, right?
To tell you the truth
Our Song Group looks at the country
All top companies
As long as you follow me
Villa luxury car
Even if you want to marry into a wealthy family in the future
I can satisfy you
Captain Song, you still think too highly of me
how
Are you excited? You'd better take these things back.
None of this can move you
It's not me Shen Qingyan regards money as dung
I really believe it.
There's no pie in the sky.
I knew it wouldn't be easy to convince you.
But don't worry, take a look at this first
This is it.
It is a special drug newly developed by our Song Group.
Long-term use will develop the body's potential
More than just speed, power
Even the reaction ability will be greatly improved
Presumably you won't refuse to become stronger, will you?
Are you sure it's not poison?
Don't talk nonsense
I am a weak woman
How dare you do something illegal?